1.Difference between Javascript and NodeJS.

S.No	Javascript								NodeJS

1.	Javascript is a programming language 
that is used for writing scripts on the website. 		NodeJS is a Javascript runtime environment.

2.	Javascript can only be run in the browsers.		We can run Javascript outside the browser with the help of NodeJS.
3.	It is basically used on the client-side.		It is mostly used on the server-side.
4.	Javascript is capable enough to add HTML 
and play with the DOM. 						Nodejs does not have capability to add HTML tags.
5.	Javascript can run in any browser engine
 as like JS core in safari and Spidermonkey in Firefox. 	V8 is the Javascript engine inside of node.js that parses and runs Javascript.

2.How browser render a webpage? 

When a browser sends a request to a server to fetch an HTML document, the server returns an HTML page in binary stream format which is basically a text file with the response header Content-Type set to the value text/html; charset=UTF-8.
Here text/html is a MIME Type which tells the browser that it is an HTML document and charset=UTF-8 tells the browser that it is encoded in UTF-8 character encoding.If this header is missing, the browser would not understand how to 
process the file and it will render in plain text format. But if everything is OK, after this conversion, the browser can start reading the HTML document.When the browser reads HTML code, whenever it encounters an HTML element like 
html, body, div etc., it creates a JavaScript object called a Node. Eventually, all HTML elements will be converted to JavaScript objects.
Since every HTML element has different properties, the Node object will be created from different classes (constructor functions). For example, the Node object for the div element is created from HTMLDivElement which inherits Node class

3.
typeof(1) - Number
typeof(1.1) - Number
typeof('1.1') - String
typeof(true) - Boolean
typeof(null) - object
typeof(undefined) - undefined
typeof([]) - Object
typeof({}) - Object
typeof(NaN) - Number

